Episode 14

Tay, if you could be any Simpsons character who would you be?
Tay, if you weren't working at RFC, what do you think you'd be doing?
Tay, who is your biggest celebrity crush?
If you were sent to an island and you can take one thing what would it be?
Alex Henery, did you try Vegemite when you toured Australia?
BRO! Do you know where I could buy boxes to ship vinyls in?
Tay, what is infinity divided by 0?
Tay, are you looking forward to any specific album releases this year?
Tom, who picks the colors for the vinyl releases?
Tay, when was the last time you got a haircut?
Tay, have you ever moshed to Man Overboard?
Big Tay, Underwear, Briefs, or Boxers?
What's the craziest thing you've ever seen on Chatroulette?
Where's Waldo?
Does going to RFC office really feel like work to you?
How do you guys feel about Attack! Attack! breaking up?
Can you or anybody in the office grow a rad beard? If so, do it!
Tay, am I thug enough?
What makes a great intern?
Tom, Chris looks like he has been working out, is he a jock now?
Hey Tay, why aren't you coming to Bled Fest in Michigan?
I appreciate every person works in the office and sends out everything
Al, do you still participate in Tea Time in the states?
Not a question but I want to make a CD of Tay laughing and just listen to it when I'm sad
When are you guys going to do a nude Run For Cover calendar?

Episode 15
Hey Tay, can you help me shave my back?
I love how you use the word mate, is that shit catching on in the US or did you pick it up from Al?
If you were granted one wish, what would it be?
Tay, if you could throw any kind of party at Run For Cover office what would it be and what celebrities would be there?
Who is your favorite Lord of the Rings character?
Tay, what song have you been jamming a lot lately?
Al, if each member of Basement was a dinosaur, what would each member be and why?
Tay, I'd like to see you FaceTime Travis and ask what his deal is with showering with his socks on
Dear Run For Cover, my friend Stever Hurley thinks you hate him, please tell him you love him.
Burritos or Burgers?
Tay, are you real?
What's the most frustrating thing about running a record label?
Do you think Kurt Cobain killed himself?
Who would win in a fight between Lil Tay and Big Tay?
How do you feel about Ska?
Tay, you awesome, Jeff seems cool too, Alex is British
Would you rather be Beavis or Butthead?
You look like Chris Pontius
Tay what's your opinion on Justin Bieber and his music?
Tay my mom thinks you're super hot, do you mind giving her a shout out? Her name is Ms. Flannigan.

Episode 16
Tay, what is the name of your band and how hard do you rock? (Thunder Bloods & The McClanes)
When are the wobble boys pre-orders going up?
Tay, are you following the NHL play offs?
Alex, if you had the chance to meet one of the three bands: Nirvana Red Hot Chili Peppers, or Pearl Jam; which one would you choose and who in the band would you talk to first?
Why do the dudes in [Superheaven] always have greasy hair?
Tay mate, what's your favorite english football team and why? (Tottenham Hotspurs, it tooks me a while to figure out what he was saying)
Tom, is Basement Live in London still coming out?
Tay, is Alex ever sad?
Thoughts on pony tales?
Do you like how No Sleep is trying to do videos to keep up with you guys?
Jeff, who would you say is the most underrated band on your label? (The Tower And The Fool - How Long)
Tay will you please tell my friend Nick that he is an idiot for hating [Superheaven] - Jar
Will any of you guys be at Skate & Surf or Warped Tour?
Tay if you could go back in time to any time period what would it be?
Jeff, are there any hardcore bands you would like to sign?
Tay, do you like Letlive?
Tay, do a kickflip for me
Alex, where's your favorite place in Boston to eat? (Spike's Junkyard Dogs, Raising Canes
Tay, can you FaceTime my friend and tell him he's a total bro? That would make his 16 year old life.
Do you think the physical attractiveness of a band really helps out their popularity?
Dear Jeff, what's happening with (I have no idea what they're saying and they aren't listed on their website)?
Tay, what are some words on encouragement to kids who are trying to grow long hair beautifully as yours?
Alex, American girls or U.K. girls?
Tay, I'd like to colour you in kindness

Episode 17
Uh Tom, out of curiosity what's the highest selling record you've ever released? (At the time, Tigers Jaw - Self-Titled & Basement - Colourmeinkindness)
Tay, do you have any tattoos?
Tay, if you were allowed to sign any band for Run for Cover who would you sign?
If you were invisisble for 24 hours, what would you do?
Tay, what kind of camera does Al use to shoot videos? (Canon EOS 5D)
Alex, do you travel for Videography jobs? If so, how far and do you only film bands?
Tay, can you tell Emma H. I love her?
Top 3 U.S. presidents you wanna party with
Tay can you do a backflip?
Tom I've gotten emails from people named Dane and Matt, who are they?
If every member of Run for Cover Records office was a superheroes, who would they be and why?
Tay, why haven't you considered selling Tuesdays with Tay to ABC for big bucks and longer episodes?
When did skate break begin and who started it?
How did Alex start working for Run for Cover?
What's the worst rumor you started in High School?
Alex how often do you think of England?
Tay, what is everyone's job in the office? (At the time: Tay, Lord of Mailorder; Matt and Beandip, Mailorder Minions; Tom, Supposed Label Manager; Alex, Video Manager; Jeff, Position Unknown)
Tay, what is your favorite candy?
Tay if a tree falls in a forrest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?

Episode 18
Uh Tay, what would you do for a Klondike bar?
Tay, in your humble opinion, what's the biggest fashion faux pas out there today?
Tay, I heard you're great at hiding in plain sight; act like an inanimate object and have Al scan the room and to see if we can find you Where's Waldo style
Tay, what's your favorite meal to make?
Jeff, Far Beyond Driven or Vulgar Display of Power (both by Pantera)?
Tay, if you were on the red carpet for a dope movie release, what kind of designer clothing are you rocking?
Tay, is Alex working on any music videos for Pity Sex, Koji, or Citizen? (Pity Sex Video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PL_212Ts8ZA)
Al, who are your favorite UK hardcore bands? (Dirty Money https://www.last.fm/music/Dirty+Money, Fast Point https://www.last.fm/music/Fast+Point/+wiki, Cold Snap https://www.last.fm/music/Cold+Snap, Deal with It https://www.last.fm/music/Deal+With+It) (Repentance https://xrepentancex.bandcamp.com/track/repentance, Strange Places https://strangeplaces.bandcamp.com/, TRC https://www.last.fm/music/TRC/+wiki)
Tay, is there a gang war between Run for Cover Records and Pure Noise Records?
Tay, have you ever been pranked in the office?
Tay, is Alex straight edge?
Jeff, how does the signing process go?
Tay, what is your favorite skate company? (Anti-Hero, Chocolate, Girl)
Tay, are you allowed to wear what you want to the RFC office?
Not enough bands do feature length documentaries like Pearl Jam 20. If Alex could do a film on any band what would it be? (Pedro the Lion, Mineral, Jimmy Eat World, Failure)
Can I see the Coasta (https://coasta.bandcamp.com/) vinyl?
Tay, is Basement on hiatus or did they break up for good? Everyone loves them on Tumblr
Tay, if you could hang out with Kanye West, P. Diddy, or DMX for a day who would you hang out with and what would you do together?
Tay, will you give my best friend Austin a call? It will make his day.

Episode 19
If you could woop anyone's ass right now who would it be?
Sup Tay, what's your greatest accomplishment to date?
What is your all time favorite metal band? (Pig Destroyer)
Hey Tay, what do you think about Utah?
What do you think about the new Arrested Development?
Tay, my friend Mike love English accents, can you have Al leave him a voicemail?
Tay, what genre of music do you dislike/don't understand?
Tay, if you were a pro skater who would you be sponsored by? (Anti-Hero deck, Venture trucks, Spitfire Wheels, Bones bearings, Lucky bolts, Nike/Vans shoes, Volcom clothes or something lame)
Jeff, how did you meet Tay and Tom, and why did you hire them?
Hey Tay, this ones for Alex: How come you sang on Basement's I Wish I Could Stay Here, but not Colourmeinkindness?
Tay, how is Alex not fat since he started living in America?
Tay, how are you dealing with your newfound internet fame?
Why can't we tickle ourselves?
Alex, favorite Red Hot Chili Peppers album? (Californiacation)
Tay, what's your most constantly used phrase?
Tay, I believe you were at the last Basement show, you flipped on to me in London in fact. What did you think of Natural Order?
Shout me out. -Rulio.
Alex, Rodney Mullen or Daewon Song? (Rodney)
Tay, can you wish my mother a happy 50th birthday? Her name is Helen.
Tay, how come you weren't at Bledfest?
Thoughts on Powertrip and their new album?
Tay, can I see you head bang?


Episode 20
Tay, can you do an impression of anyone in the office?
What do you guys think of that new Falling in Reverse video for their song Alone? (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zcbOfVKSMkA)
Hey what's GDP up to? I haven't heard anything from him in a while.
What do you guys think of Paramore?
Tay, how mad are you that Youth leaked?
Tay, what do you think about Frankie Muniz? Do you guys know that he's in a band? You guys should sign him, RFC would get so much exposure.
Tay, what's your favorite Disney movie?
You guys are on top of the YouTube videos. Well done Alex, well done.
Jeff, biggest challenge when you started RFC?
Tay, you say you went to High School with Jeff, was Jeff a cool kid in High School?
Tay you have some beautiful Asian eyes.
Tay, if you were to eat yourself, would you get twice as big or disappear completely?
Alex, what's your favorite Pedro the Lion song lyrically and why? (The Secret of the Easy Yolk)
Has anyone ever told Jeff that he looks like Adam Scott from Parks and Rec?
I turned 20 on Sunday, so Tay should totally give me a shout out. My name is Julie.
Jeff(Line-Through) Tom, best and worst thing about Warped Tour? 
Any chance that Ralph will take Jeff's job in the office?
Hey Tom, any exciting plans for the Summer?
Tay, can you facetime Lil Tay and call him a wanker and tell him Popeyes is ok at best.
Big Tay, if I send you a bunch of Skittles will you send me some merch in Return?
Tay, you remind me of a Teletubby.

Episode 21
Tay, are you the biggest nerd in the office? If not, who is and why?
YOLO?
Alex, what as your first ever show you went to?
Hey Tay, Dr Pepper, Pepsi, or Coca-Cola? (Moxxie)
Hey Jeff, what did you go to school for? And do you think it helped you run RFC?
What do you all think of Spoken Word bands?
Sup Tay! Will you do a Pig Destroyer vocal cover for us? Or at least play air guitar while Pig Destroyer plays in the background
Can Alex facetime Ronan from Basement and see what he's upto today?
Tay, what's the hardest you've moshed for a band?
Do you own Topshelf Records?
Alex, did you go to University in Nottingham? Did you like it there? Was it noice?
Who all from Run For Cover office is going to Warped Tour?
Tay, I don't button the top button of my shirts because of you. Now I'm swagged to the max and the ladies love me.
Alex is reem. Noice.
Hey Jeff, could you recommend some artists similar to Tower and the Fool? (Sunvault, Whiskey Town, Ryan Adams)
Tay, who is your best friend at the office?
Tay, what's is your favorite hip-hop group or artist?
Hey Tay, my friend Kathy has a crush on you, can you give her a shoutout?
Tay, why doesn't glue stick to the inside of the bottle?
Tay, make a vine.
Alex, looking back what do you think of Basement's 2009 demo?
Tay, my dad is going to be in Boston for the next three weeks for work. Can he come party with you guys?


Episode 22

Hi Tay, I'm allergic to Avocados, what should I eat instead?
Tay, what do you think about Heelys?
Alex, how did Crab get a blackeye when Basement came to America the first time?
Hey Tay, my friend Steve is a weird guy and makes Tuesdays with Tay Doll and he chills with you all the time.
Will there ever be an episode of Small Talk with Andrew from Basement? (There wasn't)
Do you think GDP does as much drugs as he says he does?
Why do [Superheaven] sound like Puddle of Mudd so much?
Hey can you give me a shout out my names Josh Zimmerman and I'm 16 today.
Hey Tay, any plans to conquer the office and take Jeff's job?
Joe, if everyone is the office was a girl, in what order would you be sexually attracted to them?
Dane, thank you so much for making customer service so awesome. Thank you!
Tay, don't you think Alex looks just like a young Malcom in the Middle?
Tay give everyone in the office a high five
Alex, does America have chavs?
Tay, long time watcher first time writer, just wanted to ask a quick question. Since you're not on Warped Tour this summer, would you be down to hang and do something? If so, what would you like to do? Favorite movies? Favorite snack? -Ned Russin (Tay mentions Wilkes-Barre pizza, the king is Gerry's)
Tay, if I send you a mouse pad can I have the Tigers Jaw mouse pad?
Tay, what do you think of Enter Shikari?
Tay, who would win in a fight: Britney from Pity Sex or Brianna from Tigers Jaw?
Jeff, what records and merch are you going to be selling at Warped?
Do you like Yeezus?
Alex what do you think of Fisher's hair?
Tay, what's your all time favorite dream?

Episode 23 (feat. Lil Tay)

Lil Tay, how do you feel about Amanda Bynes?
Would you rather battles a Boa Constrictor or a Lion?
What is the sqaure root of 765?
Why is Jake Clark such a minger?
Lil Tay, is it a coincidence that Jar and Red from Taylor Swift start with the same drum beat?
Big Tay vs Lil Tay in an arm wrestling match, who wins?
Opinions on Topshelf Records?
Jeff, how did [Superheaven] get signed?
I'm getting the whole The Office kinda vibe with the new Tuesdays with Tay
What is Joe Kane's secret?
Who would win in a brawl between Alex and Will Yip?
Tay, do you like long boarding?
Tay when you're next in England can you buy me a pint?
Tay, who won the Citizen - Youth contest?
Can you do a good impression of any reptilian animals?
How is Jeff's dog doing?
What is Lil Tay's favorite country?
Alex who are the best/worst bands from your hometown? 
Do you think any bands signed to Run For Cover will ever play New Mexico?
Snog Marry Kill, Jeff Alex Tom
Tay, who would win a real life fight between Basement and Title Fight?


Episode 24 - Office rearranged

Tay, why is Dane on crutches? Did you beat him up?
Tay, can you twerk?
Tots or french fries?
Can you cry underwater?
Dane, are you looking for volunteers for Warped Tour dates?
Break somethings (Jeff's board)
Hey Tay, happy Tuesday I met you in bathroom this weekend, who am I?
Hey Tay, is the you an Lil Tay on the cover of Feast of Love?
What's your favorite Jack Black movie?
Are you the big dog in the office?
If Corn Oil is made from corn, and vegetable oil is made from vegetables. What is Baby Oil made from?
Tay, what do you think of Don Bronco?
Sup Tay, what are your thoughts on Aliens?
Tay, what's your favorite Pig Destroyer album? Mine was Terrifyer. P.S. tell Alex to call me a bruv.
Show us around the new office layout!
Alex, who won this months newsletter competition?
Tom, The Clash or The Beatles?
Tay, why do you hate Topshelf Records so much?
Tay what's the dumbest thing you've done?
Hey Tay, does Alex smoke weed?


Episode 25

Tay, is everyone in the office was arrested, what do you think they'd most likely be arrested for?
Tay, could you watch Don't Hug Me I'm Scared and record your reaction?
Alex what's your first impression of Tay?
What was the first show you ever went to?
Is it weird that all your friends are married?
What's Tom's least favorite place in Connecticut? (Local Drunk Story)
Hey, it would be super tight if you guys made everything in 2XL.
Have everyone around you describe the band Blink-182 in one word.
Alex you're on a airplane for 9 hours, what do you need to stay comfortable? Are you in slippers and pajamas?
Tay if you could remove any reality TV show from the air, what would it be and why?
Best Tattoo in the office?
How old is Alex?
If you could choose one band that's active now to break up so one that's already broken up could come back, what bands would you choose?
Should I grow my hair? I'm a guy.
Tay what's your favorite song from Beyonce?
Tay did you ever go through any phases as a kid?
Dude, what's up with the camo hat?
Tay, long time watcher, first time poster, do you think you could survive a zombie apocalypse? Who would be the first at Run For Cover to get bit?
Punch someone in the office
Yo Tay, whos your favorite guilty pleasure band? (Of Mice And Men, War from a Harlots Mouth)
Please get Alex to leave me a voicemail using all English slang
Tay if you were a musical instrument what would you be?
